okay so my car my 1996 Toyota Corolla is
idling at normal normal speed I will
turn it off turn it back on
and you can hear that it's operating at
normal speed I will turn it off and
leave it off for a minute or so then
turn it back on and it will the car will
seem to once I turn it on the car will
seems to go off on me but it won't so
just wait a couple of seconds more it is
dark here in LA so sorry for that
there's some light for you
emergency like already emergency
flashlight learn to seek meaningful
Oh police okay let me turn it on
hopefully you can hear it on this video
now that I press the accelerator the car
went to normal speed is idling
normal I don't know how to say
so what could this possibly be map
sensor a faulty map sensor
help me out guys